
Cities placed in two files settlements.xml and scene.xscene

-------------------------

For fast update always save previous version of source files (from Europe Lemmy Map or Europe 1100).

Having the sources of the previous version we can always compare it with the current version and see the changes. This can help you solve a non-standard problem more quickly.

Remember now it is easy to save the sources, but after some time it may be very difficult or impossible to find the right version of the sources.

-------------------------

The absence of modified settlements greatly simplifies the process of updating or transferring.

-------------------------

How quick work with settlements.xml

Split the source settlements.xml file into several parts

1) unmodified settlements file
2) modified settlement file (It's better to keep all changes in one file.)
3) new settlements file (You can do a lot of them if it's convenient.)

How to update the settlements
1) do not delete or change anything in the files with modifications and new
2) copy the new version into the file with unchanged settlements 
3) remove changed settlements from the file with unchanged settlements using id. Ids can be easily found in the file with modified settlements.
4) xml file is ready. It remains to fix the scenes

-------------------------

How quick work with scene.xscene

1) add new settlements to the end of the settlement block of the scene file
2) store all new settlements in a separate file from which you can quickly copy them
3) store all modified settlements in a separate file from which you can quickly copy them

How to update the settlements
1) delete all changed settlements by id from the new version of the file
2) add the modified settlements from the saved file to the end of the settlement block of the scene file
3) add the new settlements from the saved file to the end of the settlement block of the scene file
4) scene file is ready. In theory, everything should work. If something doesn't work you need to use debugging and source comparison.
